c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\EfCodeFirst.exe
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\EfCodeFirst.pdb
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\obj\Debug\EfCodeFirst.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\obj\Debug\EfCodeFirst_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\obj\Debug\EfCodeFirst.g.resources
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\obj\Debug\EfCodeFirst.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\obj\Debug\EfCodeFirst.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\obj\Debug\EfCodeFirst.exe
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\obj\Debug\EfCodeFirst.pdb
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\obj\Debug\View\MainWindowView.baml
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\obj\Debug\View\MainWindowView.g.cs
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\EfCodeFirst.exe.config
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\DataContext.dll
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\Entity.dll
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\DataContext.pdb
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\avolkov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EfCodeFirst\EfCodeFirst\bin\Debug\Entity.pdb
